Update the Ethereum Overview documentation #1073 (#1114)
trufflesuite/trufflesuite.com: src/guides/ethereum-overview/index.md

Centralized systems can be manipulated, from inside or outside, so we have to trust the owners of these systems to have sufficient will and resources to keep their data secure and with integrity. Centralized databases are still the most common today, powering most of our online and offline applications.

A self-hosted blog is a common example of a centralized database. The owner could potentially edit posts in hindsight or censor users without recourse. Alternately, a hacker could infiltrate the server and commit malicious acts. If there is no database backup, reversing the damage might be impossible.

> 

Reviewer: I meant adding text to explain the trust lines in the image, because it seems unnecessary. Read the rendered page and see. Maybe I'm wrong?

**Ethereum is a blockchain that allows you to run programs in its trusted environment.** This contrasts with the Bitcoin blockchain, which only allows you to manage cryptocurrency.

> In computer science terms, Ethereum is a "Turing complete", virtual machine. Simply put, Ethereum is an internet-based computer - A single symbolic computer that runs on thousands of physical computers. This virtual computer is called the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). The EVM allows code to be verified and executed on the blockchain, providing guarantees it will be run the same way on everyone's machine. This code is contained in "smart contracts" (more on these below).

Reviewer: I don't get what a single symbolic computer is :/ Also, not everyone will know what Turing complete is, and we should give a little more explanation?

![Smart Contract Step 3](/img/tutorials/ethereum-overview/smart-contract-step3.png "3. Bob receives Alice's payment along with his collateral")
(Provisions could be written into the contract code releasing Bob's collateral to Alice if Bob were to fail to build the patio or if he were to perform a poor job.)

**Smart contracts are written in a language called Solidity**. [Solidity](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/) is statically typed, and supports inheritance, libraries, and complex user-defined types, among much else. Solidity syntax is similar to JavaScript.

Check out [ethereum.org](https://ethereum.org/en/learn/#smart-contracts) to learn more about smart contracts.

## Ethereum networks

Up to this point we've been describing the main Ethereum public blockchain (or "MainNet"). On the MainNet, data on the chain—including account balances and transactions—are public, and anyone can create a node and begin verifying transactions. Ether on this network has a market value and can be exchanged for other cryptocurrency or fiat currencies like US Dollars.

But there are other networks as well. In fact, anyone can create a copy of Ethereum.

### Sidechain networks

> A sidechain network is a copy of Ethereum and a scaling solution that utilizes its own set of validating nodes, its own consensus mechanism, and therefore offers its own security assurances separate from those offered by Ethereum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sidechain network is a copy of Ethereum and a scaling solution that utilizes its own validating nodes and consensus mechanism, offering its own security assurances separate from those provided by Ethereum.
```

### Private/enterprise networks

Private Ethereum networks allow parties to share data without making it publicly accessible. A private blockchain is a good choice for:

- Sharing of sensitive data, such as health care records
- Scaling to handle higher read/write throughput, due to the smaller network size

An example of a private enterprise blockchain is [Quorum](https://www.jpmorgan.com/country/US/EN/Quorum), originally written by J.P. Morgan. ([Read our documentation on using Truffle with Quorum.](/docs/truffle/distributed-ledger-support/working-with-quorum))

## Decentralized applications (dapps)

**Applications using smart contracts for their processing and/or datastorage are called "decentralized applications", or "dapps".** The user interfaces for these dapps consist of familiar languages such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The application itself can be hosted on a traditional web server or on a decentralized file service such as [Swarm](https://swarm-gateways.net/) or [IPFS](http://ipfs.io/).

Given the benefits of the Ethereum blockchain, a dapp could be a solution for many industries, including but not limited to:

- Record keeping
- Finance
- Supply chains
- Real estate

> - Marketplaces

Reviewer: No mention of DAOs?

Author: Added this and another couple.
